1 million '92 1 million
No, just a casual reminder
It hurts.
I can't take it
Can't take Mr. Ye
Just 1 million
It looks like a lot.
But for us Xu
For the entire prestige and fortune of the family
But it's not enough.
You must take it
It's Mr. Lin, you must accept it, if it weren't for you?
Our Xu family may be finished
Now that I've said that
I'm not welcome either.
But I'm not taking it for free.
I have a profitable business
I wonder if Mr. Xu is interested
What profitable business do you promise?
That wait, I'll get it, I'll get it
Haha brother
Here it is.
Absolute violence
Why don't you shop so much?
30 bucks each.
You still need a lottery to buy this stock?
It must be a scam.
Oh, Mr. Xu!
I've seen people play this stock at the time
It's about making money, but it's also very risky.
If you're not careful, you can go bankrupt
That's right, Uncle Wei is in America.
Just because of playing stocks
So the name wife?
Mr. Ye
Don't listen to others fooling you, come on
I can't help it.
If you believe me
Just come with me.
Anyway, this time?
I'm going to throw all the money in my hand
1 million all smashed in
This is too big without exemption
Is it Mr. Ye?
Went to see again